#856: Made gcviewer start in background (#896)
devonfw/IDEasy: CHANGELOG.adoc

This file documents all notable changes to https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy[IDEasy].

== 2024.12.002

Release with new features and bugfixes:

> * https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/885[#885]: Gcviewer starts in foreground fixed
> The full list of changes for this release can be found in https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/milestone/15?closed=1[milestone 2024.11.001].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/885[#885]: Gcviewer starts in foreground fixed

The full list of changes for this release can be found in https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/milestone/15?closed=1[milestone 2024.11.001].
```

Author: Updated

This file documents all notable changes to https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy[IDEasy].

== 2024.12.002

Release with new features and bugfixes:

* https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/issues/885[#885]: Gcviewer starts in foreground fixed

> The full list of changes for this release can be found in https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/milestone/15?closed=1[milestone 2024.11.001].

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding the new release here. Was too late yesterday so I haven't done it yet.
Please fix the link as follows:
```suggestion
The full list of changes for this release can be found in https://github.com/devonfw/IDEasy/milestone/17?closed=1[milestone 2024.12.002].
```

Author: adjusted the link
